Okay I was working as a software engineer consulant at PA Consulting. I worked on National Highways as a cybersecurity maturity assesser using the nIst framework to assess the ifnastructure we were asked to assess a number of servcies and managed to assess all and provide the final deleviverbales after several months they then started implmenting them into BAU under consistent review after to improve there security software. Then I worked on Home office as a Java developer working on caseworking application. Here I worked on a massive application having 20 repositories to work from and delivering robust feature solutions. Then I worked omn Health research authority as a C# developer working on a smaller fullstack asp net application providing support on features and delivering features. Then after that I worked in the MInistry of Defense as a user Researcher. We would research the user opnions by impmenting trials and enacting interviews to collect the information then do data analysis using likert scales and more to provide the client with user insight and they used that reserach to start new featuees in the next quarter. After that I worked on rentokil as a backend java developer encapsulating the full prod experience, featured development , security management with checkmarx. I deveeloped my true skillset in java development in debugging prod users with datadog. And feature development that the business asked to be developed. Can you fil the page out using this. when writing emphasise the impact  on the client. rather than the tools learned